technology has become pervasive in the world of business.
it is a whole new way of working, and executives need to embrace the new world that their companies operate and we as consumer live in every single day.
it is something that we deal with whether it is personal or professional, digital is part of our lives.
the job that i have today didn't exist five years ago.
technology has driven change at a faster pace.
and too often, you can look at technology at a narrow scope.
it's not just IT, technology drives business from the backend, so i think every business aspect of what you has been impacted.
i've spent a lot of my taking analytics approaches with data, and being able to drive decisions in a big data world.
we need more leaders that can lead transformation, and i see the merage school is taking in educating and turning out leaders that are ready and capable to do that.
all of our core courses have been completely revamped to address how technology disruption is impacting the various functional areas and that enables our students, our creative thinkers, more strategic thinkers, about how technology disruption impacts businesses.
one of the things we really appreciate and enjoy is how we actually learn how we are going to be performing in the business world.
we are providing them with foundational skills in analytics, we are making sure that students understand that fundamentally values drive good decision making.
you really sense it from day 1, even your peers, are all trying to with you to find ways to improve yourself and to get the most out of the program.
our students and staff within our merage career center are extremely fortunate to have numorous industries where either the individual corporate headquarters are located here or operations of large fortune 500 organizations or start ups within out community.
the merage student standout for us because they are immerse in kind of our orange county cultural fit with technology and pharma and all of the industries are really growing in our community.
as an executive you are engage every single day in the war for talent.
to run our company well, we encourage the best poeple to join so i like to have a relationship with the nearby business school and merage school is an excellent school and we have been able to recruit great people to join our organization.
to anticipate further disruption and manage through that process is something that is critical.